Doc for v1 & Doc versioning (#54)
tdex-network/dev-portal: docs/trader/browser.md

# Browser App

> Check out https://dex.vulpem.com, the browser app for making trades on TDEX with your Marina Wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a community-built browser app for making trades on TDEX with your Marina Wallet

🌍 [trade.fuji.money](https://trade.fuji.money) 
📜 [bordalix/dex.nextjs](https://github.com/bordalix/dex.nextjs)
```
